hello with you she sewed you eat
classes Alexander Patchuk with dust today
we have on the agenda staining number
one on request in all search engines
systems
the term came to the hair salon
visual arts industry
she and another name for this effect de
grote is a gradual transition of color from
the darkest shade to the lightest
and we immediately fell in love with all the Hollywood
stars because it is staining
looks natural and natural but
it is very expensive and sexy
ombres without this natural color
medium shade between brown nuances
and blonde and also the effect is natural
sun- bleached hair nuance
Ombre staining will show us a stylist
hope sytin ombre staining
technically very difficult why
what is the main thing in it to make the transition from
dark color to light very smoothly
color should be as natural as possible
but in the bright sun play shimmer and
add visual volume to the roots
hair we apply dye which
should be two three or more tones
darker than the color at the ends of the hair
then apply a light dye on
tip and smooth movements
draw the line between them
colorist
you need not only skill but also
sense of proportion so that ombres in direct and
figuratively can be called
hand-dyeing in order
color to play in the sun on top
light dye thin masks we
we apply the clarifying paste so we create
faded strand effect
really am bread
on the hair roots we mixed without and ash
ash neutralized yellowness became
main touch
we put this mix on the roots smoothly
going down to the middle of the hair for
staining ends we used
beige blonde and already inflicted over it
brightening highlights
thank you very much for the work video
the result is really very
naturally feminine wait for a visit not
once again you had a beauty class and
thanks for your likes and comments
love yourself and your hair see you soon
playpen babies